Update container-registry-manage-artifact.md (#18)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-management-docs: articles/container-registry/container-registry-manage-artifact.md

```azurecli
az login  
az acr login -n $REGISTRY  
```

> This setup enables you to seamlessly push and pull artifacts to and from your Azure Container Registry. Now ORAS can be used with ACR without additional authentication using `oras login` command. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setup enables you to seamlessly push and pull artifacts to and from your Azure Container Registry. Now ORAS can be used with ACR without additional authentication by using `oras login` command. 
```

> If Docker isn't available, you can utilize the AD token provided for authentication. Authenticate with your [individual Microsoft Entra identity](container-registry-authentication.md?tabs=azure-cli#individual-login-with-azure-ad) using an AD token. Always use "000..." for the `USER_NAME` as the token is parsed through the `PASSWORD` variable. Note that the token used by `az acr login` is valid for 3 hours.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Docker isn't available, you can use the AD token provided for authentication. Authenticate with your [individual Microsoft Entra identity](container-registry-authentication.md?tabs=azure-cli#individual-login-with-azure-ad) using an AD token. Always use "000..." for the `USER_NAME` as the token is parsed through the `PASSWORD` variable. The token used by `az acr login` is valid for three hours.
```
